For this presentation I am going to present the movie
This movie is different from other episodes
Because of the main characters of this series aren't in this episode
For example Vin Diesel and Paul Walker
Both of them aren't here
If you have watched F&F 6
You would know that at the end of the movie
After Han's girlfriend dies
He goes back to Tokyo by himself
The story of F&F: Tokyo Drift is about
How Han trains a boy to become one of the best racers in Tokyo
The movie starts with a drag race
Sean has an argument with the Viper Boi
So they decide to race to see who is better
But the match ends up with the Viper Boi hitting the cement pillar
and Sean crashes
After that, Sean gets arrested by the police
The police officer tells Sean's mom that
Sean can no longer stay in the states
Otherwise, he has to go to jail
So his mom decides to send him to Japan
where his father lives
Dad makes a rule for him
He can not touch cars from now on
He must go do school every single day
and come back home before 10 pm
There is one day, Sean notices his classmate Twinkie
has a steering wheel in his backpack
Twinkie tells him, he likes cars as well
So Sean asks Twinkie to bring him to the secret Japanese car meet
From here, Nina shows up
Sean steps up and talks to her
But unfortunately, Nina's boyfriend, DK sees that
Dk talks poop to Sean
They look down on each other
So they decide to give a  race
to find out who is better
But Sean doesn't have a car
Then Han gives his car for Sean to use
Twinkie tells Sean
Dk is one of the best drifters in Japan
But Sean doesn't know how to drift
So he asks Twinkie how to drift
Twinkie says, just don't crash Han's car
The race begins
Sean gives a full throttle
but he doesn't notice there is a 90 degrees corner
thus he hits on the pillar real hard
Dk clutch kicks his 350Z and shows up in front of Sean
Wal Tap is a perfection
But Sean still trying his best to chase him
Of course, DK wins
Sean crashes Han's S15 into a piece of scrap iron
A while later, Sean goes back home
His dad has been waiting for him to come home
but then dad finds out Sean went to race again
He decides to send Sean back to the states
But Sean doesn't give a dang
So dad is really angry
Because if he ever gets caught again
he can only go to jail
On the second day
Sean notices everyone is watching him
It turns out that the last night event
has spread all over the area
Han has been waiting for him outside of school with his RX7
Han brings him to where DK works
Dk's subordinate, the emo kid really hates Sean
Sean tells the emo kid
You wanna do a race or nah
The reason why Han is here is to do business with DK
Also, use one of their cars as a bet
Let Sean and the emo kid do a race
If the emo kid loses, DK has to give one of the cars to him
After that, Han brings Sean to his garage
Han gives his read wheel drive EVO 9 to Sean
Hoping Sean could beat up DK for him
Then Han starts a plan on teaching Sean how to drift
But Sean drifts like poop at the beginning
no one could even look at it
Not even the finishing uncles
But as time goes by
Sean's drifting skills are getting stronger
Han also asks Sean to live with him
So he could help Sean to maximize his drifting skills
Finally, Sean beats up the emo kid
DK obeys the promise, gives the car key to Han
Sean also successfully gets the attention of Nina
After the race, they go for food together
During this time
Nina tells Sean that her mom died when she was a little
She was brought up by DK's uncle
However, DK's uncle is the boss of the local mafia
Then, Nina shows off her Tandem skills to Sean
After knowing this, DK goes to Han's garage
and punches right in Sean's face
Also warms him don't talk to Nina anymore
Dk's uncle also tells him
Han's business with DK was fake
Han uses DK to trick Dk's uncle for laundering
DK is really angry after knowing this
He brings guns and rushes to Han's garage
Twinkie finds out something is not right
So he emergency evacuates everyone in the garage
Sean and Nina hop into Sean's car
Han also leaves
Sean doesn't care about the emo kid
hit right in front of him
Soon, the emo kid catches them
but he doesn't realize he is on the other side of the lane
both his car and unlucky's car get critical damage
DK gets angrier after seeing this
he hits Seans' car very brutally and trying to stop him
Han decides to let himself to solve this trouble maker
DK does a 180 spin and now is able to face Han
he brings out the pistol trying to kill Han
Out of sudden, Han gets hit from the right side
The car explodes after the crash
Sean brings Nina to his house
But suddenly, DK comes and wants to kill Sean
But Dad saves Sean
Then Nina decides to go with DK in order to save Sean
Dad asks Sean to go back to the states immediately
But Sean doesn't want to
He says he has to take the responsibility
he decides to stay and defeat DK
Twinkie gives Sean a bag of money
says its the laundering money from DK's uncle
see if he could let Sean and Nina go safely
So Sean goes to ask DK's uncle
But DK's uncle not willing to
unless he could win a race against DK
then he would willing to let Nina go
They find out the crashed S15 is still in the garage
and the engine is still in good condition
So his dad decides to give his mustang frame to Sean
After that, Sean carefully tune each part for the race
It's the race day
Dk's uncle is also here
This is a terrifying touge (mountain pass)
A tiny distraction could result in the death of the driver
DK is way too fast for the first corner
The understeer condition gives Sean a chance to pass him
After that, DK is forcing his car's limitation in order to win the race
But Sean still passes DK at the few corners before the finish line
So DK decides to crash Sean off the cliff
But Sean outplayed DK by hitting the brake
The misprediction leads himself running off the track
As a result, Sean wins the race
Dk's uncle also let Sean and Nina continue to stay in Japan safely
At the end of the movie, Vin Diesel shows up
He tells Sean he is Han's brother
He hopes he could have a race with brother's student
After that, the movie ends
The reason why I pick this movie is
this movie is really different than other episodes
This episode has more focus on the actual cars
not the shooting actions like any others
Also, the action director for this episode is Keiichi Tsuchiya
He is also the prototype of the main character of Initial D
And the fishing uncle in this episode is Keiichi Tsuchiya
I feel like If we put the plot of this episode aside
It's still enjoyable just to be able to watch the drifting clips
If you have watched F&F 7, you would know that
The one who hit Han in this episode is Deckard Shawn
but Han didn't die because of the car explosion
Because he is back again in the latest episode F&F 9
If you would like to watch more episodes of this series
The correct squeal order of F&F is
This is my final Project
Thanks for watching